    -n varnish_name
        Same as the -n option for varnishd and other Varnish binaries;
        i.e. the 'varnish name' indicating the directory containing
        the mmap'd file used by varnishd for the shared memory log. By
        default, the host name is assumed (as with varnishd). Also set
        by the config parameter 'varnish.name'. The -n and -f options
        are mutually exclusive.

    -c config_file
        Path of a configuration file. If /etc/trackrdrd.conf exists
        and is readable, then its values are read first. If a file is
        specified by the -c option, then that file is read next, and
        config values that it specifies override values specified in
        /etc/trackrdrd.conf. Finally, config values specified on the
        command line override values specified in any config file. If
        no config files or other command line options are set, default
        config values hold.

    -u user
        Owner of the child process. By default, the child process runs
        as 'nobody'. Also set by the config parameter 'user'.

    -P pid_file
        Path of a file written by the management process that contains
        its process ID. By default, no PID file is written. Also set
        by the config parameter 'pid.file'.

    -l log_file
        Log file for status, warning, debug and error messages. If '-'
        is specified, then log messages are written to stdout. By
        default, syslog(3) is used for logging. Log levels correspond
        to the 'priorities' defined by syslog(3). Also set by the config
        parameter 'log.file'.

    -y syslog_facility
        Set the syslog facility; legal values are 'user' or 'local0'
        through 'local7', and the default is 'local0'. Options -y and
        -l are mutually exclusive. Also set by the config parameter
        'syslog.facility'.

    -D
        Run as a non-demon single process (for testing and
        debugging). By default, trackrdrd runs as a demon with a
        management (parent) process and worker (child) process.

    -f varnishlog_bindump
        A binary dump of the Varnish SHM log produced by 'varnishlog
        -w'. If this option is specified, trackrdrd reads from the
        dump instead of a live SHM log (useful for debugging and
        replaying traffic). The options -f and -n are mutually
        exclusive; -n is the default. Also set by the config parameter
        'varnish.bindump'.

    -L limit
        Sets the upper limit of incomplete transactions kept by the
        Varnish logging API before the oldest transaction is force
        completed. An error message is logged when this happens. This
        setting keeps an upper bound on the memory usage of running
        queries. Defaults to 1000 transactions. The same as the -L
        option for standard Varnish logging tools such as
        varnishlog(3).

    -T seconds
        Sets the transaction timeout in seconds for the Varnish
        logging API. This defines the maximum number of seconds
        elapsed between the beginning and end of the log
        transaction. If the timeout expires, the error message from
        the API is logged, and the transaction is force
        completed. Defaults to 120 seconds. The same as the -T option
        for standard Varnish logging tools such as varnishlog(3).

    -d
       Sets the log level to LOG_DEBUG. The default log level is
       LOG_INFO.

    -V
       Print version and exit

    -h
       Print usage and exit
